Thanks for your great work on project 3. It seems that you've paid lots of effort on it!

Let me follow the questions to give comments.
1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

not yet, but it's organized modularly.
2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

Yes, it's well organized
3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?
Not yet
4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?
The plots fit them well
5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

I think you've done a lot of work, but it seems also onerous. While changing the variables' name is helpful for people to understand, from my opinion I think you could decrease some unnecessary steps. You could use .isin or replace function to change values' name quickly.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

Yes, for Readme file, you give a very detailed explanation on the reason why you want to do the analysis and the goal you want to achieve, 
It's in very clear logic and I really admire it. I think you could list some of the concrete variables as an example of introduction.

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client¡¯s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

Adding a model for individual to predict is better from client's perspective. Also conducting some statistical analysis is great.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).


Yes it's clear.
9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?


I think you could add more comments.
10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

Yes, well explained.
11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?
Yes

For the wrangling work, it's great to see such a detailed analysis based on almost all the variables we could explore. You give clear statement
before the wrangling work you will do, and also give reasons for why you would select that variables. I think use value_counts function 
is a great idea, but it still seems too long. My suggestions are that you could mainly focus on some of the datasets, and I notice 
there's still some error when you compile the code.

For plots in R, you give a good framework for your job, and I think there's still space for you to explore some other plot. I notice that you mentioned there's a memory error when you try to merge all the data files, what if you try combining less columns and try to write out more files for analysis? 

I hope you could solve the problem. And another advice is that you could adjust the word size in your ipynb file to show a clearer label. Don't forget to add html file at last. Good luck in your final project!